EQUIVALENT 18 · COMPATIBLE 14 · SCOPED 26 · CONFLICT 5 · DISTINCT 35 · UNCLEAR 0

WHAT MEM UNDERSTOOD
The frames strongly align on evidence, ethics, feasibility, terminology, and review discipline, while adapting many recommendations to formative versus field settings. Material dis
agreements concern opening length, headings, em-dash use, participant targets, and budget-detail placement; each needs contextual grounding.

WHAT BOTH CONTAIN · 32
Both emphasize traceable claims, bounded contributions, explicit methods, participant protections, feasible resources, consistent terminology, fair compensation, and coherent revie
w logic.

WHAT DIFFERS · 31
Formative and field contexts alter operational details, while incompatible advice remains on openings, headings, em dashes, sample targets, and budget presentation.

ONLY IN task-2/advisor1 · 16 · not automatically a deficiency
The reference adds transferable-principle tests, formative process measures, analytic generalization, cumulative burden limits, lean prototypes, and iteration feasibility.

ONLY IN task-2/advisor2 · 19 · not automatically a deficiency
The compared frame adds field-role authority, withdrawal safeguards, operational recovery, adoption and implementation outcomes, partner dependencies, and staff-cost separation.

POTENTIAL CONFLICTS · 5

1. Opening-length rule. task-2/advisor1 ↔ task-2/advisor2: The frames prescribe incompatible maximum lengths and sentence roles for the proposal opening. The answer changes the ope
ning’s maximum length and allocation of person, setting, problem, and consequence. Strict two sentences: Require the central problem and consequence within the first two sentences;
 Conditional third sentence: Allow a third sentence when concrete context is necessary for comprehension.

2. Navigation structure. task-2/advisor1 ↔ task-2/advisor2: The frames prescribe opposing navigation structures for a two-page proposal. The choice directly controls page structure
, scanability, continuity, and space allocation. Descriptive headings: Use visible labels for the problem, response, and next steps; Continuous argument: Use linked paragraphs with
out extra subheadings.

3. Em-dash policy. task-2/advisor1 ↔ task-2/advisor2: The frames set incompatible policies for em dashes. The answer determines whether any em dash can remain in the proposal. Proh
ibit all: Replace every em dash with sentence breaks or ordinary punctuation; Permit deliberate use: Retain em dashes only when they carry an intentional interruption or contrast.

4. Participant target. task-2/advisor1 ↔ task-2/advisor2: The frames prescribe incompatible participant-target policies for planning workload and budget. The decision changes the s
chedule, workload, budget calculations, and deliverable commitments. Exact target: Plan all resources and shortfall handling around one participant number; Bounded range: Define op
erationally distinct minimum and maximum participant cases.

5. Budget-detail location. task-2/advisor1 ↔ task-2/advisor2: The frames prescribe incompatible locations for detailed budget arithmetic and estimate assumptions. The answer contro
ls whether budget evidence is adjacent to activities or separated to preserve narrative space. Main-text detail: Keep estimate bases beside the activities and requested amounts; Se
parate table: Keep only totals and major categories in prose and place arithmetic in a table or appendix.

The complete source-linked relation ledger is saved. Inspect it with:
  mem compare --from task-2/advisor1 --to task-2/advisor2 --reference-descendants --compared-descendants --ledger

Create a new result Context and review both sources with Meld:
  mem meld task-2/advisor1 task-2/advisor2 --left-descendants --right-descendants --to RESULT_CONTEXT

READ-ONLY CONTRACT CHECK
  PTY · 180 columns × 52 rows
  PROVIDER CALLS · 0
  ORIGIN · EXACT PREWARM
  INPUT · 150 + 150 MEMORIES
