COMMAND
python /Users/KimMunyeong/Github/memcommit/outputs/study-long-audit-20260825-v2/run_world_mem.py task-1 edit task-1/campus-wiki/temporary-parking:1ab28435 'CONSTRUCTION UPDATE — June 24–August 23: The Main Building underground garage and Outdoor Parking Lot A are closed to general parking; the garage pedestrian door is locked, the interior stairs are closed to everyone, and the Lot A access road is blocked. Outdoor Parking Lot C is the temporary visitor alternative. Authorized staff use a physical card at the garage pedestrian door, while construction/facilities personnel follow the approved controlled on-site procedure. The parking agent may explain posted closures and Lot C’s location but cannot check or guarantee real-time space availability.'

EXIT
0

WALL_SECONDS
1.415085

STDOUT
Edited [1ab28435] in 'task-1/campus-wiki/temporary-parking':
  - CONSTRUCTION UPDATE — June 24–August 23: The Main Building underground garage and Outdoor Parking Lot A are closed to general parking, the garage pedestrian door is locked, the interior stairs are closed to everyone, and the Lot A access road is blocked. Outdoor Parking Lot C is the temporary visitor alternative. Authorized staff use a physical card at the garage pedestrian door; construction/facilities personnel follow the approved controlled on-site procedure. The parking agent may explain posted closures and Lot C’s location but cannot check or guarantee real-time space availability.
  + CONSTRUCTION UPDATE — June 24–August 23: The Main Building underground garage and Outdoor Parking Lot A are closed to general parking; the garage pedestrian door is locked, the interior stairs are closed to everyone, and the Lot A access road is blocked. Outdoor Parking Lot C is the temporary visitor alternative. Authorized staff use a physical card at the garage pedestrian door, while construction/facilities personnel follow the approved controlled on-site procedure. The parking agent may explain posted closures and Lot C’s location but cannot check or guarantee real-time space availability.


STDERR
