COMMAND
python /Users/KimMunyeong/Github/memcommit/outputs/study-long-audit-20260825-v2/run_world_mem.py task-1 find-ambiguities task-1/participant/construction-updates/temporary-parking

EXIT
0

WALL_SECONDS
20.258361

STDOUT
Find Ambiguities · task-1/participant/construction-updates/temporary-parking · 7/15 direct memories flagged

  AMBIGUITY 1/7
  [6dc791c0] Add campus-wiki/temporary-parking: During the construction period, instruct staff to use a physical access card to pass through the locked pedestrian entrance door to the underground parking garage.
  Reading 1: All staff should use a physical access card to pass through the locked pedestrian entrance door to the underground parking garage.
  Reading 2: Only staff who are authorized to enter the underground parking garage during construction should use a physical access card at that door.
  Reason: The unqualified term “staff” conflicts with the garage’s closure to general parking and leaves the intended audience of the instruction unclear. It cannot be determined reliably whether the wiki should direct every staff member to enter or limit the procedure to authorized staff, which changes access-control guidance.
  Question: Should this instruction apply to all staff or only staff authorized to enter the garage during construction?

  UNDERSPECIFIED 2/7
  [fb0765f1] Add campus-wiki/temporary-parking: Instruct construction/facilities personnel to access the underground parking garage through the controlled on-site access procedure that has been approved.
  Reading: Construction and facilities personnel should enter the underground parking garage using the approved, controlled on-site access procedure.
  Reason: The expression “controlled on-site access procedure that has been approved” identifies a single kind of procedure but does not state where to find it or what personnel must do. The required wiki instruction cannot be written or reliably verified without the procedure’s actionable details or an authoritative reference.
  Question: What approved access procedure, or authoritative link to it, should the wiki provide?

  UNDERSPECIFIED 3/7
  [8fa46317] Add campus-wiki/temporary-parking: After the clear-out, personal items left in the underground parking garage were moved to the lost and found center.
  Reading: After the underground parking garage was cleared out, personal items remaining there were moved to the lost and found center.
  Reason: “The lost and found center” is not identified by name or location. The statement can be added as written, but specifying the center would make the guidance more useful for people retrieving moved items.
  Question: Which lost and found center received the items?

  UNDERSPECIFIED 4/7
  [d47493d3] Add campus-wiki/temporary-parking: Outdoor Parking Lot A is planned to reopen immediately after construction on the Main Building ends.
  Reading: Outdoor Parking Lot A is planned to reopen immediately after construction on the Main Building ends.
  Reason: The end of “construction on the Main Building” supplies one ordinary reopening trigger, but no expected completion date is given. The reopening plan can be stated, while a date would make its timing more precise.
  Question: What is the expected completion date for the Main Building construction?

  AMBIGUITY 5/7
  [71a5daa6] Modify campus-wiki/temporary-parking: Based on posted information, the parking guidance agent may explain the closures of the underground parking garage and Outdoor Parking Lot A and the alternative use of Outdoor Parking Lot C during the construction period.
  Reading 1: The parking guidance agent may explain all three construction-period arrangements using posted information: closure of the underground garage, closure of Outdoor Parking Lot A, and use of Outdoor Parking Lot C as the alternative.
  Reading 2: The parking guidance agent may explain only those among the three arrangements that are actually covered by the posted information.
  Reason: The scope of “based on posted information” most naturally covers all three listed arrangements, but it may instead restrict which arrangements the agent is authorized to explain. Clarification would make the agent’s permitted source scope more precise, though the listed construction guidance remains usable.
  Question: Must posted information support all three explanations, or may the agent explain only the arrangements that are posted?

  AMBIGUITY 6/7
  [85518d54] Modify campus-wiki/temporary-parking: A visitor accustomed to parking at the Main Building may expect to be able to enter the underground parking garage or Outdoor Parking Lot A during the construction period, drive as far as the closed access road, and then search again for Outdoor Parking Lot C.
  Reading 1: A visitor may try either the underground parking garage or Outdoor Parking Lot A, reach the blocked sloped access road connecting the lot and garage, and then look for Outdoor Parking Lot C.
  Reading 2: A visitor may drive toward the underground garage or Outdoor Parking Lot A until encountering whichever closure blocks that attempted route, and then look for Outdoor Parking Lot C.
  Reason: “The closed access road” most naturally refers to the blocked sloped road connecting Outdoor Parking Lot A and the underground garage, but it can also loosely denote the closure point on the visitor’s attempted route. The distinction affects how the wiki describes the likely wrong turn and where redirection signage or guidance would be useful.
  Question: Does “the closed access road” specifically mean the blocked sloped road between Lot A and the underground garage?

  AMBIGUITY 7/7
  [ceffae14] Modify campus-wiki/temporary-parking: Delivery drivers and external maintenance contractors accustomed to unloading in Outdoor Parking Lot A may approach the same point during the construction period and then reconfirm the delivery time or unloading location at the control line.
  Reading 1: Delivery drivers and external maintenance contractors may approach the blocked access point associated with Outdoor Parking Lot A and reconfirm delivery timing or unloading location there.
  Reading 2: Delivery drivers and external maintenance contractors may approach the same location described for visitors—the closed sloped access road between Outdoor Parking Lot A and the underground garage—and reconfirm delivery timing or unloading location there.
  Reason: “The same point” most naturally means the relevant blocked approach near Outdoor Parking Lot A, but it may specifically inherit the closed access road from the preceding visitor scenario. In addition, “the control line” is not defined. The correct arrival point and the place or authority for reconfirming delivery details cannot be determined reliably, so operational directions cannot be written safely.
  Question: At what exact control point should drivers stop, and with whom should they reconfirm delivery details?


STDERR
