COMMAND
python /Users/KimMunyeong/Github/memcommit/outputs/study-long-audit-20260825-v2/run_world_mem.py task-3 find-ambiguities task-3/local/personal-memory/2024/03

STDOUT
Find Ambiguities · task-3/local/personal-memory/2024/03 · 5/10 direct memories flagged

  UNDERSPECIFIED 1/5
  [12ba4249] The instructions for one medication the user takes say to take it after the evening meal.
  Reading: One of the user's medications is instructed to be taken after the evening meal.
  Reason: The missing medication identity prevents the instruction from being matched reliably to the current prescription or used to schedule the correct dose; the context explicitly says medication notes alone cannot establish the current prescription or whether use continues.
  Question: Which medication does this instruction apply to, and is the user still taking it?

  UNDERSPECIFIED 2/5
  [051e79ff] On a day with a morning appointment, the user miscalculated the fasting period and checked again at the reception desk.
  Reading: Before a morning appointment, the user initially calculated the required fasting period incorrectly and sought confirmation at reception.
  Reason: The required fasting duration and appointment time are missing, so the precise calculation error remains unknown; clarification would make the episode verifiable and help prevent the same timing mistake, but no explicit current scheduling operation is requested.
  Question: What fasting duration and appointment time applied that day?

  UNDERSPECIFIED 3/5
  [8fdede6e] On a day medication instructions were explained all at once and at length, the user failed to write down an important time.
  Reading: After receiving lengthy medication instructions all at once, the user omitted an important administration time from their notes.
  Reason: The phrase “an important time” does not identify the medication or the omitted time; clarification would make the medication schedule more precise, but the memory does not request that a current schedule be created or changed.
  Question: Which medication time did the user fail to write down?

  UNDERSPECIFIED 4/5
  [d7f215c6] The local agent cannot determine the current prescription or whether use continues from medication notes alone.
  Reading: Medication notes by themselves are insufficient to establish which prescription is current or whether the user still takes it.
  Reason: The missing current prescription and continuation status are explicitly identified as necessary facts; without confirmation from a reliable current source, medication use cannot be determined or verified safely.
  Question: What is the user's current prescription, and are they still taking it?

  AMBIGUITY 5/5
  [e6023aed] The waiting area at that clinic has too few chairs, so there may be periods when people must wait standing.
  Reading 1: The clinic associated with the described visits has a waiting area with too few chairs, creating a risk that patients will have to stand.
  Reading 2: The phrase “that clinic” refers to some previously understood clinic not uniquely identified in the supplied frame.
  Reason: The deictic phrase “that clinic” most naturally refers to the clinic associated with the other visit memories, but no clinic is uniquely named; identifying it would make accessibility or visit-planning advice more precise, while the general conclusion that standing waits may occur does not depend on its name.
  Question: Which clinic has the undersupplied waiting area?

STDERR
