COMMAND
python /Users/KimMunyeong/Github/memcommit/outputs/study-long-audit-20260825-v2/run_world_mem.py task-3 find-ambiguities task-3/local/guardrails/audit-and-recovery

STDOUT
Find Ambiguities · task-3/local/guardrails/audit-and-recovery · 4/14 direct memories flagged

  UNDERSPECIFIED 1/4
  [26256211] Record the approval time.
  Reading: Record the time at which the sharing approval was granted.
  Reason: “Approval time” has one ordinary meaning, but it does not specify the required timestamp convention, such as local time and time zone. The approval event can still be logged, while clarification would make the record more precise and reliably comparable across systems.
  Question: Which time zone should the approval timestamp use?

  UNDERSPECIFIED 2/4
  [f7e4bea5] The instructions for one medication the user takes say to take it after the evening meal.
  Reading: One medication taken by the user has historical instructions stating that it should be taken after the evening meal.
  Reason: The missing medication identity and current prescription status prevent reliably determining which medication the instruction concerns or whether the instruction remains applicable. Those facts are necessary before using this note to guide or verify current medication use.
  Question: Which medication is this, and is that instruction still current?

  UNDERSPECIFIED 3/4
  [6ea7bcc1] Candidate INCLUDE (DRAFT ONLY): the user stood for 20 minutes when no waiting chair was available and experienced back discomfort; verify current accommodation necessity before approval.
  Reading: A draft sharing candidate says that the user once stood for 20 minutes because no waiting chair was available and then had back discomfort; current need for an accommodation must be verified before approval.
  Reason: “Current accommodation necessity” is explicitly unverified, so approval of this draft inclusion cannot be performed reliably. It cannot be determined whether the past functional experience still supports a present accommodation need.
  Question: Does the user currently need an accommodation because of difficulty standing or back discomfort?

  UNDERSPECIFIED 4/4
  [367700c4] AUDIT RESULT: no transfer was executed and no approval was inferred; candidate facts remain stale or underspecified and require the user's exact recipient, purpose, item, channel, and retention decision.
  Reading: The audit found that no transfer occurred and no approval was inferred; before any transfer can proceed, the user must specify the exact recipient, purpose, item, channel, and retention decision.
  Reason: The exact recipient, purpose, item, channel, and retention decision are missing. Without them, the sharing candidate cannot be scoped, approved, executed, or audited reliably.
  Question: What exact item should be sent, to whom, for what purpose, through which channel, and with what retention decision?

STDERR
