COMMAND
python /Users/KimMunyeong/Github/memcommit/outputs/study-long-audit-20260825-v2/run_world_mem.py practice-source check-conformance practice/source --against practice/description

EXIT
0

WALL_SECONDS
20.054032

STDOUT
CONFORMANCE · 0/12 EXAMPLES CONFORM · 6/9 RULES MET · [EXAMPLES practice/source] · [RULES practice/description]
? INSUFFICIENT_EVIDENCE · [EXAMPLE m000001] When I ask “How does this read?”, I really want an opinion, so don't edit the draft immediately; first check the sentence order and paragraph division. · [RULE r1] memcommit is a research prototype that provides command-line and terminal user interfaces (CLI/TUI) for managing agent memory and supporting collaboration among people and agents. Through memcommit's operations and structural concepts—including Memories, Contexts, Profiles, Grants, and Sessions—you can manage agent memories as they are collected, organized, and propagated among people and agents. In this study, you will use memcommit in three different situations, each involving a different context, goal, and kind of memory. · WHY · The Memories are presented as memcommit-managed study material, but they do not demonstrate the prototype's interfaces, operations, structures, or three-situation workflow.
? INSUFFICIENT_EVIDENCE · [EXAMPLE m000002] If I later ask for polishing, preserve the overall strucutre and citation-needed markers, and change only wording that causes a problem. · [RULE r1] memcommit is a research prototype that provides command-line and terminal user interfaces (CLI/TUI) for managing agent memory and supporting collaboration among people and agents. Through memcommit's operations and structural concepts—including Memories, Contexts, Profiles, Grants, and Sessions—you can manage agent memories as they are collected, organized, and propagated among people and agents. In this study, you will use memcommit in three different situations, each involving a different context, goal, and kind of memory. · WHY · The Memories are presented as memcommit-managed study material, but they do not demonstrate the prototype's interfaces, operations, structures, or three-situation workflow.
? INSUFFICIENT_EVIDENCE · [EXAMPLE m000003] When I ask to change one expression, leave almost everything else as it is, including technical or project-specific terms that I selected. Um... for example, use distribute, not divide, when material is absorbed into two parts. · [RULE r1] memcommit is a research prototype that provides command-line and terminal user interfaces (CLI/TUI) for managing agent memory and supporting collaboration among people and agents. Through memcommit's operations and structural concepts—including Memories, Contexts, Profiles, Grants, and Sessions—you can manage agent memories as they are collected, organized, and propagated among people and agents. In this study, you will use memcommit in three different situations, each involving a different context, goal, and kind of memory. · WHY · The Memories are presented as memcommit-managed study material, but they do not demonstrate the prototype's interfaces, operations, structures, or three-situation workflow.
? INSUFFICIENT_EVIDENCE · [EXAMPLE m000004] If a passage is supposed to make four points, keep all four while removing parts that are too redundent and stating repeated content only once. · [RULE r1] memcommit is a research prototype that provides command-line and terminal user interfaces (CLI/TUI) for managing agent memory and supporting collaboration among people and agents. Through memcommit's operations and structural concepts—including Memories, Contexts, Profiles, Grants, and Sessions—you can manage agent memories as they are collected, organized, and propagated among people and agents. In this study, you will use memcommit in three different situations, each involving a different context, goal, and kind of memory. · WHY · The Memories are presented as memcommit-managed study material, but they do not demonstrate the prototype's interfaces, operations, structures, or three-situation workflow.
? INSUFFICIENT_EVIDENCE · [EXAMPLE m000005] When the draft has to fit a shorter fixed limit, aim to cut around 20–30% from redundant or unnecessary material. · [RULE r1] memcommit is a research prototype that provides command-line and terminal user interfaces (CLI/TUI) for managing agent memory and supporting collaboration among people and agents. Through memcommit's operations and structural concepts—including Memories, Contexts, Profiles, Grants, and Sessions—you can manage agent memories as they are collected, organized, and propagated among people and agents. In this study, you will use memcommit in three different situations, each involving a different context, goal, and kind of memory. · WHY · The Memories are presented as memcommit-managed study material, but they do not demonstrate the prototype's interfaces, operations, structures, or three-situation workflow.
? INSUFFICIENT_EVIDENCE · [EXAMPLE m000006] But don't shorten sentences so aggressively that a claim sounds more categorical; keep enough wording to preserve its original strength and conditions. · [RULE r1] memcommit is a research prototype that provides command-line and terminal user interfaces (CLI/TUI) for managing agent memory and supporting collaboration among people and agents. Through memcommit's operations and structural concepts—including Memories, Contexts, Profiles, Grants, and Sessions—you can manage agent memories as they are collected, organized, and propagated among people and agents. In this study, you will use memcommit in three different situations, each involving a different context, goal, and kind of memory. · WHY · The Memories are presented as memcommit-managed study material, but they do not demonstrate the prototype's interfaces, operations, structures, or three-situation workflow.
? INSUFFICIENT_EVIDENCE · [EXAMPLE m000007] If the next idea is merely related and does not broaden the scope, don't use More broadly; use In relation to this or another accurate connector without adding a new claim merely to make two paragraphs connect. · [RULE r1] memcommit is a research prototype that provides command-line and terminal user interfaces (CLI/TUI) for managing agent memory and supporting collaboration among people and agents. Through memcommit's operations and structural concepts—including Memories, Contexts, Profiles, Grants, and Sessions—you can manage agent memories as they are collected, organized, and propagated among people and agents. In this study, you will use memcommit in three different situations, each involving a different context, goal, and kind of memory. · WHY · The Memories are presented as memcommit-managed study material, but they do not demonstrate the prototype's interfaces, operations, structures, or three-situation workflow.
? INSUFFICIENT_EVIDENCE · [EXAMPLE m000008] For any titlle about interaction with AI agent memory, keep the exact terminology and intended words: use interaction and management and AI agent memory rather than agent memory. · [RULE r1] memcommit is a research prototype that provides command-line and terminal user interfaces (CLI/TUI) for managing agent memory and supporting collaboration among people and agents. Through memcommit's operations and structural concepts—including Memories, Contexts, Profiles, Grants, and Sessions—you can manage agent memories as they are collected, organized, and propagated among people and agents. In this study, you will use memcommit in three different situations, each involving a different context, goal, and kind of memory. · WHY · The Memories are presented as memcommit-managed study material, but they do not demonstrate the prototype's interfaces, operations, structures, or three-situation workflow.
? INSUFFICIENT_EVIDENCE · [EXAMPLE m000009] By default, format a document title in sentence case rather than title case. An explicitly named style guide may override only that capitalization default; always keep for whenever it is part of the intended wording. · [RULE r1] memcommit is a research prototype that provides command-line and terminal user interfaces (CLI/TUI) for managing agent memory and supporting collaboration among people and agents. Through memcommit's operations and structural concepts—including Memories, Contexts, Profiles, Grants, and Sessions—you can manage agent memories as they are collected, organized, and propagated among people and agents. In this study, you will use memcommit in three different situations, each involving a different context, goal, and kind of memory. · WHY · The Memories are presented as memcommit-managed study material, but they do not demonstrate the prototype's interfaces, operations, structures, or three-situation workflow.
? INSUFFICIENT_EVIDENCE · [EXAMPLE m000010] If titles of works use quotation marks in some places and italics in others, make them consistently italic throughout the document by default; an explicitly named style guide may override only this work-title format. · [RULE r1] memcommit is a research prototype that provides command-line and terminal user interfaces (CLI/TUI) for managing agent memory and supporting collaboration among people and agents. Through memcommit's operations and structural concepts—including Memories, Contexts, Profiles, Grants, and Sessions—you can manage agent memories as they are collected, organized, and propagated among people and agents. In this study, you will use memcommit in three different situations, each involving a different context, goal, and kind of memory. · WHY · The Memories are presented as memcommit-managed study material, but they do not demonstrate the prototype's interfaces, operations, structures, or three-situation workflow.
? INSUFFICIENT_EVIDENCE · [EXAMPLE m000011] When I say that content looks wrong, find accurate information before proposing a correction by reading the original paper, book, or guide, not only an abstract or a short snippet. · [RULE r1] memcommit is a research prototype that provides command-line and terminal user interfaces (CLI/TUI) for managing agent memory and supporting collaboration among people and agents. Through memcommit's operations and structural concepts—including Memories, Contexts, Profiles, Grants, and Sessions—you can manage agent memories as they are collected, organized, and propagated among people and agents. In this study, you will use memcommit in three different situations, each involving a different context, goal, and kind of memory. · WHY · The Memories are presented as memcommit-managed study material, but they do not demonstrate the prototype's interfaces, operations, structures, or three-situation workflow.
? INSUFFICIENT_EVIDENCE · [EXAMPLE m000012] Before adding or reusing citations and refferences, verify that each source exists and supports the exact claim after reviewing the complete source. Don't invent quotations or evidence or overstate an author's contribution or a paper's status. If I asked only for review, report a verification problem first instead of silently rewriting the draft. · [RULE r1] memcommit is a research prototype that provides command-line and terminal user interfaces (CLI/TUI) for managing agent memory and supporting collaboration among people and agents. Through memcommit's operations and structural concepts—including Memories, Contexts, Profiles, Grants, and Sessions—you can manage agent memories as they are collected, organized, and propagated among people and agents. In this study, you will use memcommit in three different situations, each involving a different context, goal, and kind of memory. · WHY · The Memories are presented as memcommit-managed study material, but they do not demonstrate the prototype's interfaces, operations, structures, or three-situation workflow.
! VIOLATES · [EXAMPLE m000001] When I ask “How does this read?”, I really want an opinion, so don't edit the draft immediately; first check the sentence order and paragraph division. · [RULE r3] TASK · Divide their underlying constraints into appropriate atomic Memories without performing the requested edits, adding instructions, or changing the intended meaning, so that each constraint can be reviewed independently. Open `mem help`, inspect the available operations, find the operation designed for atomization, and use it to atomize the notes and save the result as `practice/source-atomized`. · WHY · The note remains in the unatomized source Context rather than an independently reviewable result in practice/source-atomized.
! VIOLATES · [EXAMPLE m000002] If I later ask for polishing, preserve the overall strucutre and citation-needed markers, and change only wording that causes a problem. · [RULE r3] TASK · Divide their underlying constraints into appropriate atomic Memories without performing the requested edits, adding instructions, or changing the intended meaning, so that each constraint can be reviewed independently. Open `mem help`, inspect the available operations, find the operation designed for atomization, and use it to atomize the notes and save the result as `practice/source-atomized`. · WHY · The note remains in the unatomized source Context rather than an independently reviewable result in practice/source-atomized.
! VIOLATES · [EXAMPLE m000003] When I ask to change one expression, leave almost everything else as it is, including technical or project-specific terms that I selected. Um... for example, use distribute, not divide, when material is absorbed into two parts. · [RULE r3] TASK · Divide their underlying constraints into appropriate atomic Memories without performing the requested edits, adding instructions, or changing the intended meaning, so that each constraint can be reviewed independently. Open `mem help`, inspect the available operations, find the operation designed for atomization, and use it to atomize the notes and save the result as `practice/source-atomized`. · WHY · The note still combines a narrow-edit trigger, general preservation constraint, and protected-word example.
! VIOLATES · [EXAMPLE m000004] If a passage is supposed to make four points, keep all four while removing parts that are too redundent and stating repeated content only once. · [RULE r3] TASK · Divide their underlying constraints into appropriate atomic Memories without performing the requested edits, adding instructions, or changing the intended meaning, so that each constraint can be reviewed independently. Open `mem help`, inspect the available operations, find the operation designed for atomization, and use it to atomize the notes and save the result as `practice/source-atomized`. · WHY · The note still combines retention of four points with redundancy-removal constraints.
! VIOLATES · [EXAMPLE m000005] When the draft has to fit a shorter fixed limit, aim to cut around 20–30% from redundant or unnecessary material. · [RULE r3] TASK · Divide their underlying constraints into appropriate atomic Memories without performing the requested edits, adding instructions, or changing the intended meaning, so that each constraint can be reviewed independently. Open `mem help`, inspect the available operations, find the operation designed for atomization, and use it to atomize the notes and save the result as `practice/source-atomized`. · WHY · The note remains in the unatomized source Context rather than an independently reviewable result in practice/source-atomized.
! VIOLATES · [EXAMPLE m000006] But don't shorten sentences so aggressively that a claim sounds more categorical; keep enough wording to preserve its original strength and conditions. · [RULE r3] TASK · Divide their underlying constraints into appropriate atomic Memories without performing the requested edits, adding instructions, or changing the intended meaning, so that each constraint can be reviewed independently. Open `mem help`, inspect the available operations, find the operation designed for atomization, and use it to atomize the notes and save the result as `practice/source-atomized`. · WHY · The note remains in the unatomized source Context rather than an independently reviewable result in practice/source-atomized.
! VIOLATES · [EXAMPLE m000007] If the next idea is merely related and does not broaden the scope, don't use More broadly; use In relation to this or another accurate connector without adding a new claim merely to make two paragraphs connect. · [RULE r3] TASK · Divide their underlying constraints into appropriate atomic Memories without performing the requested edits, adding instructions, or changing the intended meaning, so that each constraint can be reviewed independently. Open `mem help`, inspect the available operations, find the operation designed for atomization, and use it to atomize the notes and save the result as `practice/source-atomized`. · WHY · The note still combines a connector-selection condition, prohibited wording, alternatives, and a no-new-claim safeguard.
! VIOLATES · [EXAMPLE m000008] For any titlle about interaction with AI agent memory, keep the exact terminology and intended words: use interaction and management and AI agent memory rather than agent memory. · [RULE r3] TASK · Divide their underlying constraints into appropriate atomic Memories without performing the requested edits, adding instructions, or changing the intended meaning, so that each constraint can be reviewed independently. Open `mem help`, inspect the available operations, find the operation designed for atomization, and use it to atomize the notes and save the result as `practice/source-atomized`. · WHY · The note still combines exact-terminology preservation with several protected-word substitutions.
! VIOLATES · [EXAMPLE m000009] By default, format a document title in sentence case rather than title case. An explicitly named style guide may override only that capitalization default; always keep for whenever it is part of the intended wording. · [RULE r3] TASK · Divide their underlying constraints into appropriate atomic Memories without performing the requested edits, adding instructions, or changing the intended meaning, so that each constraint can be reviewed independently. Open `mem help`, inspect the available operations, find the operation designed for atomization, and use it to atomize the notes and save the result as `practice/source-atomized`. · WHY · The note still combines a capitalization default, style-guide exception, and protected-word safeguard.
! VIOLATES · [EXAMPLE m000010] If titles of works use quotation marks in some places and italics in others, make them consistently italic throughout the document by default; an explicitly named style guide may override only this work-title format. · [RULE r3] TASK · Divide their underlying constraints into appropriate atomic Memories without performing the requested edits, adding instructions, or changing the intended meaning, so that each constraint can be reviewed independently. Open `mem help`, inspect the available operations, find the operation designed for atomization, and use it to atomize the notes and save the result as `practice/source-atomized`. · WHY · The note still combines a formatting-consistency default with a style-guide exception.
! VIOLATES · [EXAMPLE m000011] When I say that content looks wrong, find accurate information before proposing a correction by reading the original paper, book, or guide, not only an abstract or a short snippet. · [RULE r3] TASK · Divide their underlying constraints into appropriate atomic Memories without performing the requested edits, adding instructions, or changing the intended meaning, so that each constraint can be reviewed independently. Open `mem help`, inspect the available operations, find the operation designed for atomization, and use it to atomize the notes and save the result as `practice/source-atomized`. · WHY · The note remains in the unatomized source Context rather than an independently reviewable result in practice/source-atomized.
! VIOLATES · [EXAMPLE m000012] Before adding or reusing citations and refferences, verify that each source exists and supports the exact claim after reviewing the complete source. Don't invent quotations or evidence or overstate an author's contribution or a paper's status. If I asked only for review, report a verification problem first instead of silently rewriting the draft. · [RULE r3] TASK · Divide their underlying constraints into appropriate atomic Memories without performing the requested edits, adding instructions, or changing the intended meaning, so that each constraint can be reviewed independently. Open `mem help`, inspect the available operations, find the operation designed for atomization, and use it to atomize the notes and save the result as `practice/source-atomized`. · WHY · The note still combines source verification, evidentiary safeguards, attribution limits, and a review-only response trigger.
! VIOLATES · [EXAMPLE m000003] When I ask to change one expression, leave almost everything else as it is, including technical or project-specific terms that I selected. Um... for example, use distribute, not divide, when material is absorbed into two parts. · [RULE r9] AUDIT RESULT: mechanical sentence splitting detached an editing permission trigger, a protected-word object, and companion safeguards. Future atomize must keep every result independently reviewable with its complete trigger, exception, safeguard, and source provenance. · WHY · The protected-word example remains bundled with its editing trigger and broader terminology safeguard instead of becoming independently reviewable atomic results.
! VIOLATES · [EXAMPLE m000007] If the next idea is merely related and does not broaden the scope, don't use More broadly; use In relation to this or another accurate connector without adding a new claim merely to make two paragraphs connect. · [RULE r9] AUDIT RESULT: mechanical sentence splitting detached an editing permission trigger, a protected-word object, and companion safeguards. Future atomize must keep every result independently reviewable with its complete trigger, exception, safeguard, and source provenance. · WHY · The connector alternatives remain bundled with their scope condition and no-new-claim safeguard instead of becoming independently reviewable atomic results.
! VIOLATES · [EXAMPLE m000008] For any titlle about interaction with AI agent memory, keep the exact terminology and intended words: use interaction and management and AI agent memory rather than agent memory. · [RULE r9] AUDIT RESULT: mechanical sentence splitting detached an editing permission trigger, a protected-word object, and companion safeguards. Future atomize must keep every result independently reviewable with its complete trigger, exception, safeguard, and source provenance. · WHY · The protected terminology remains bundled as several word-choice constraints without independently reviewable provenance-bearing results.
! VIOLATES · [EXAMPLE m000009] By default, format a document title in sentence case rather than title case. An explicitly named style guide may override only that capitalization default; always keep for whenever it is part of the intended wording. · [RULE r9] AUDIT RESULT: mechanical sentence splitting detached an editing permission trigger, a protected-word object, and companion safeguards. Future atomize must keep every result independently reviewable with its complete trigger, exception, safeguard, and source provenance. · WHY · The protected word for remains bundled with the capitalization default and style-guide exception instead of becoming an independently reviewable result.
! VIOLATES · [EXAMPLE m000010] If titles of works use quotation marks in some places and italics in others, make them consistently italic throughout the document by default; an explicitly named style guide may override only this work-title format. · [RULE r9] AUDIT RESULT: mechanical sentence splitting detached an editing permission trigger, a protected-word object, and companion safeguards. Future atomize must keep every result independently reviewable with its complete trigger, exception, safeguard, and source provenance. · WHY · The italics default remains bundled with its style-guide exception instead of becoming independently reviewable results that retain their relationship.
! VIOLATES · [EXAMPLE m000012] Before adding or reusing citations and refferences, verify that each source exists and supports the exact claim after reviewing the complete source. Don't invent quotations or evidence or overstate an author's contribution or a paper's status. If I asked only for review, report a verification problem first instead of silently rewriting the draft. · [RULE r9] AUDIT RESULT: mechanical sentence splitting detached an editing permission trigger, a protected-word object, and companion safeguards. Future atomize must keep every result independently reviewable with its complete trigger, exception, safeguard, and source provenance. · WHY · The review-only trigger remains bundled with verification, quotation, evidence, attribution, and status safeguards instead of becoming independently reviewable results.


STDERR
